28 Dec 2018
Left by Workawayer (Shaya) for host
Suha, Sara, Alaz…
What an amazing experience, what lovely moments, what a great atmosphere….
Joan and I spent 8 days with this family in a spectacular spot in north of Thailand. At the beginning we were searching for tasks and schedule but there you are not told what you have to do and this is your job. There you find the spirit of collaboration and you pick up the work as it is necessary to be done.
One of the best things about there, was the circle. Every two three days you have circles and you can say about your happy or sad moments there, your expectations and also listen to others.
We also had great adventure in the mountain nearby where nobody regularly goes. In the mountain Joan had twisted ankle on the way back but Suha, Sara and all other workawayers took care of him in the best way and treated him very well and was no pressure for anything. That`s why we are so grateful to them. We enjoyed, we laughed and we learned from each other a lot.
Thank you so much and we hope to see you somewhere sometime in this little planet again.

Cheers,
Shaya and Joan
(Excellent )
20 Dec 2018
Left by Workawayer (Natalia) for host
Dear Suha, Sarah and little bay Alaz,

Thank you so much for the beautiful time at you farm.
It was my first workaway experience and I had a great time at this magic place. The plan was to stay just for a week, just to explore more about sustainable farm life, but it's end up nearly in a month.

The day began with yoga classes, which was Sarah teaching mostly everyday - beautiful slow flow yoga, perfect to start the day full with energy. After yoga class, we had breakfast together and start to work before the sun comes out. For example - We build the toilet compost together, maked vegetables garten, planting seeds and trees, did some wood work, harvesting, caring the garden and caring the chicken and more. Sarah has a lot of knowledge about the herbs and thai medicine, you can speak with her about nature medicine, which is great to know! Their lovely son Alaz is a little smart and energetic boy, who can speak more then 4 languages. I miss to play card with him!

We went every third day to the locals market to get all the fresh food. We cooked lunch and dinner everyday, prepared the food together, was singing in the kitchen and had fun and been happy to have all the fresh ingredients and food to cooking in the beautiful open kitchen in the nature. Suha took us for climbing and hiking many times and up to the mountains. Sometimes in the evening we was sitting for a hours and talking at the fair and had some drink. On days off we had the opportunity to take the bickles to explore the area (caves, mountains, waterfalls, markets and sorroundings nearby).

I learn a lot about permaculture, farming, planting, thai cooking, building and rock climbing as well in this time. It was more then workaway for me! Suha and Sarh they alway open to talk and to help. It was always a peaceful atmosphere at the farm and I had a lot of fun. Its became like little home for me. I wish you all the best and thank you for everything! And hope to see you in the future again. I miss you already!
(Excellent )
20 Dec 2018
Left by host for Workawayer (Natalia)
Natalia stayed in our farm more than 3 weeks.And her help for us was so precious.She helped me a lot that i couldnt find the exact words for this review for a while.I mean it was beyond the help for a volunteer can give in a farm.She is very responsible, easy going and experienced about many things.Very confident at living in the nature.
She helped cooking, cleaning, playing with my son( he was so sad when she was leaving) , taking care of animals( i know my chickens and ducks missing her : ) planting, weeding , building , even painting ( yes she is an artist too: )
And besides the whole work she is a great company about enjoying the life, exchanging ideas and so on..
I strongly recommend her for any hosts who needs a great and trustworthy volunteer..
(Excellent )
8 Dec 2018
Left by host for Workawayer (Anna)
Anna stayed with us for a short period of time.But it was really great experience together even the time was limited.Anna is a responsible, easy going character.And she was always ready whenever help is needed.i recommend Anna to other hosts .And hope her to visit and help us another time.
(Excellent )
22 Nov 2018
Left by Workawayer (Anna) for host
Dear Sara and Suha and Alaz,
I had great time at your farm! Its is a wonderful place with beautiful wooden buildings in the stunning nature. Everyday we woke up doing Yoga, made breakfast together with the other amazing volunteers, worked in the garden and had other fun activities like hiking up a mountain or riding with bicycles, exploring the village and sorroundings nearby. I just spend a week at the farm, but learned a lot about permaculture, sustainable living and I want to thank you for your hospitality, generosity and wonderful time we all shared together!
(Excellent )
8 Dec 2018
Left by host for Workawayer (Roy & Yogini)
Roy and Yogini stayed in our farm for around a week .And it was really nice to host them here.They helped us in our farm in many ways.From farm work to seed planting , building work, animal care , playing with my son and so on..And Roys amazing skills of cooking let us eat great food.Hope to see them again one day in our farm again .
(Excellent )
1 Dec 2018
Left by Workawayer (Roy & Yogini) for host
We were staying with this nice and happy family for a week, Suha helped us to arrive to his place very kindly and we felt very comfortable. The attitude is very easy going and if you are interested in farming this is a very good place to learn about it. Thank you Suha and Sara, we had a great time.
Ps Suha even took us to rock climbing fun day and one day we drove by bicycle to the amazing cave (dont miss that) so they provide a very nice combination between work, rest and cool activities.
And Allaz is a very cool kid. Miss him already!
(Excellent )
8 Dec 2018
Left by host for Workawayer (Devon)
Yara and Devo stayed with us for a short time but we got real great help from this wonderful couple.Devo's skills about building and tools i think the best so far since we started our farm community.And Yara was amazing about farming . They have such a huge knowledge and experience about living in the nature.Besides all the work we have done here, enjoying our free times together in our farm was so unique.Also Devo my son thanks you so much for the flute you made from bamboo : ) I believe they will be great hosts in their lands in Canada.And hopefully one day i will be so happy to be their volunteer : )
(Excellent )
21 Nov 2018
Left by Workawayer (Devon) for host
We really struggled to leave, Suha and Sara are warm and kind people who I hope take us up on our offer to visit in Canada ;)
We had the opportunity to meet Suha's family from Turkey, drink a night or two away, share culture, laugh and became aware of the strength of their character and hearts. We climbed rock faces and mountains, built a compost toilet, ate delicious nutritious meals and did yoga every morning we could. Their son Alaz is a bright, energetic boy who we'll miss playing with and learning about all the animals he knows about.
I wish all the best, and hope we had an impact as strong as Suha and Sara left on us. <3
(Excellent )
8 Dec 2018
Left by host for Workawayer (Gokce)
Working and enjoying in our farm with Gokce was amazing.She came in the beginning part of our building work.And she helped us a lot . Even tried to work harder than us : ) And we were keep telling her, we dont need this much work.And she replied each time this is not a work just fun.And i believe she enjoyed every moment here.And of course we too.Also Gokce was really great about helping at our farm work.She helped at planting watering and many other farm works.And my son found a great company.They became friends in such a short time.So i definitely recommend her to all other hosts who need real work and enjoy life with this great being : ) We hope she comes here one day again.
(Excellent )
8 Feb 2018
Left by Workawayer (Gokce) for host
It was my first workaway experience and the best time in Thailand.

They are so lively and pleasent people who are also so sensitive about nature. They have a great aim like building a wooden house to provide accommadition to travelers in return volunteering in their farm as a commune. They use an old house's woods without cutting even one tree while they are making this house. They dispose and recycle the garbages, plan to use sun power and aim producing their own electricity for this house.

Süha has traveled around whole Asia so you can get useful informations and have great chat with him. Ogün is an expert carpenter, you can learn so much things about woods thanks to him. And Süha's wife Sara is a very kind people who you can talk about Thai culture and her point of interest, herbs. And i need to mention about one more amazing one, Alaz : ) He is a 5 years old boy whom you will be addicted : ) He is pure of energy and mirth.

Also there is a lovely dog, Susam, chickens, a few vegetable garden and a banana tree : )

As well as all, you can watch the stars in a really clear sky while you are sipping your drink in front of a fire, in the garden of your bungalow or tent.

I believe you will have a great time and wont want to leave there : )
Prim prim prim..
(Excellent )
2 Nov 2018
Left by Workawayer (Sabrina & Kevin) for host
We are very grateful to Suha and Sara for spending a month with them and their son Alaz on their farm, we already miss them, especially Lana will miss the Uno evenings with Alaz. We really had a great time with our children there and have always felt comfortable. We have learned a great deal about perma culture, about tasty vegetarian dishes and about a simple and sustainable life. On the weekends we often did trips together to the Cave, waterfall or hot spring with the family and the other volunteers, about which we are very thankful, so you could see a bit more of chang mai. We can only recommend this loving family and wish you a great time with suha, sara, alaz and not to forget susam a great dog to cuddle :-)
(Excellent )
2 Nov 2018
Left by host for Workawayer (Sabrina & Kevin)
We loved this German family.They stayed with us 1 month.And we enjoyed everyday.Kevin , Sabrina and Lanna were always ready whenever help needed.And little baby Sofia , my youngest volunteer ever , was giving us happiness with her wonderful smiles..
Ohh never forget Amunet too.My first dog volunteer hahaa. She didnt listen to much but she is well manner dog.
Sabrina's english is perfectly fine about communicating.And although Kevin and Lannas english is not very good yet, this situation has never been a problem about understanding each other.There were no language barrier at all.
Kevin is a strong man he helped me a lot about building work while Sabrina's help was really significant at farm work and especially kitchen help.I will never forget hee huge papaya salads every dinner : )
So there is a lot to say but to be simple i definitely recommend this nice family to any hosts in the world.
Hope to see u guys one day again.
(Excellent )
5 Oct 2018
Left by Workawayer (Bradley & Melissa) for host
My partner and I stayed with Suha, Sara and Alaz for 1 week in late September. I can’t recommend this experience enough - we had such a good time. Suha taught us so much about permaculture and sustainable farm life. Sara lead us through some yoga classes and treated us by cooking some excellent food. We were so well fed. We had lots of day trips around the area. We got to work with some amazing volunteers from many different parts of the world. If we weren’t continuing our trip into Laos, we would have definitely stayed much longer. Suha made us feel like another family member. This workaway is for you if you are looking for a break from the city life and touristy scene and would like to trade it in for the quiet, beautiful mountain-scape. We hope to one day return! Thanks so much Suha!
(Excellent )
8 Sep 2018
Left by Workawayer (Nicoletta) for host
Last July I spent a week on the farm and it was a wonderful experience. Suha is always kind, sociable and willing to teach: working with him I have made new exciting experiences such as cutting wood, building a roof, cultivating, etc. You can make interesting conversations with him on any subject, from vegetables to the meaning of life :-) Sara too is kind and knows many useful things, especially on plants and medicine, and is ready to help the volunteers in case of need. Playing with Alaz is a great exercise for the imagination and gives a lot of satisfaction, because he is a very affectionate child. The farm is a simple place surrounded by nature, ideal for those who want to relax during a long journey. Highly recommended! Thanks Suha and Sara, see you soon !!!
(Excellent )
31 Aug 2018
Left by host for Workawayer (Harris)
Working with Harris was really nice.He helped us a lot especially at building works.he is also exerienced about farming.And besides all these working, we were enjoying together very well too. İ definitely recommend him to all hosts who really needs help.
Hope to see you bro again one day.
(Excellent )
31 Aug 2018
Left by Workawayer (Harris) for host
Suha ans Sarah are realy great Host ! Even if it was the low season for working we found a lot to do ! ;) I spend more time with Suha than his wife and it's a guy with great stories, a good traveling life ! Easy going I recommand definitly to go in his place !
Also histoire mom was here, the ambiance was realy familial !
But do not forget, the hardest work is to take care of there son, Alass !
But Hope to see you again ;)
(Excellent )
27 Aug 2018
Left by Workawayer (Hakan) for host
It was a nice experience to stay with this lovely family (Sara,Suha their child Alaz and Suha's mother Nebahat)
They are very qualified persons in their branches and in a short time period 10 days I learned a lot about Thai culture,permaculture, yoga :smiley:...
Thanks for everything.Hope to see you and the bar owner in the village again.
I can recommend all of the workaway travellers this farm and nice people
(Excellent )
18 Aug 2018
Left by host for Workawayer (Hakan)
Hakan stayed in our farm more than a week.And he helped a lot.He is a great builder , able to build very nice bungalows and furnitures from wood , bamboo , stones etc..During his stay we finished a big natural building from beginning to end and besides that we enjoyed a lot.He is an easy going person.Good at farming skills and knowledge too.
I would recommend him all other hosts who really needs help in their farms.
Hope to see him again..
(Excellent )
6 Aug 2018
Left by Workawayer (Ana & Ralph) for host
I have to admit that staying with this beautiful family was the best experience I had in Thailand. We were there for 15 days and if we wouldn't have to leave because of our visa we would've definitely stay longer. We were fortunate to be the first people to stay in their new wooden houses and cook in their amazing kitchen just opposite the yoga platform. The whole set is very welcoming but what makes it even better is the warm heart of this family. I did learn a lot about self sustainable farms and plants as well as some building basics which my boyfriend and my brother got involved more, I have to admit. It is not only the whole experience there or yoga lessons that Sarah is so good at, that made me fall in love with the place. It was the passion and love that this family puts in what they do and how they made 3 strangers feel like home.
Thank you Suha and Sarah for having us, we had an amazing experience!
(Excellent )
12 Jul 2018
Left by Workawayer (Georgie) for host
I stayed with with Suha and Sara for almost 2 weeks and had a brilliant time! Both are super lovely people - Suha very clever and passionate about permaculture, working with the land and creating things himself, and Sara very knowledgeable about natural medicine, herbs and making all sorts of thing from plants and fruits. The little boy Alaz is a ball of fun who loves to play and kept us all occupied. I felt like I became a part of the family very quickly, cooking and eating together every night, with beautiful fresh ingredients, and lots of good conversation. We had the chance to go rock climbing, which was fantastic, and then also hiked up one of the mountains nearby. Suha was very willing to show us as much of the area as he could. I loved working in the garden, planting and growing seedlings, turning the soil - very rewarding and inspiring work.
Would recommend this work away to anyone as long as you are interested in living with nature and good company!
Thank you so much Suha, Sara and Alaz!
(Excellent )
14 May 2018
Left by host for Workawayer (Adam)
Adam & Autumn stayed with us for a week and helped out A LOT! Adam is a super handyman. He learns new tasks quickly and enjoys working. Probably the most efficient helper with carpentry that we've had. Autumn is also helpful and personable, always pleasant to work with. She helped out with housework, cooking, gardening, gave a reiki treatment, a yoga class and took some photos for us. Both are easy-going, good-natured, and great with children. I would highly recommend them to other hosts.
(Excellent )
2 May 2018
Left by Workawayer (Adam) for host
Sara and Suha are an amazing pair of kindhearted caring people. Adam and I only spent a week at their home, but in that short time they made us feel like family! We spent our days helping in the construction of their guesthouse and tending to the gardens and chickens. We perpaired and ate meals together and had lots of fun with their beautiful son Alaz! At 5 years old this brilliantly child can speak three languages: English, Turkish, and Thai! His curious nature and bright spirit are sure to bringing you lots of smiles! On our days of leisure we were brought to some of the local sights like the umbrella making place, Naga Cave and the hot springs! They also shared tons of information with us about their culture, the customs and the language that was very helpful for our travels. We were both so humbled to be a part of this family and we know that we will come back during our next travel!
(Excellent )
12 May 2018
Left by Workawayer (ellism) for host

This was one of the most special experiences of my trip. I was here for just a week and it felt like I was part of the family. Sara and Suha are such welcoming persons, sharing their home and trusting me to play and make fun with their son Alaz, who always has an incredible positive energy. Very inspiring to see a family being so open to strangers and sharing their day to day life with them.

Besides that, they’re also working on an awesome plan, trying to become self sufficient! Suha showed me around the place, explaining their water supply system and solar panel. He and their friend and carpenter Ogun, also let me help building the dorms out of used wood willing to explain the machines and just letting me try, while I had no experience in carpentry at all. Sara taught me some things about thai medicine and natural products and gave two yoga lessons I could attend during my stay!

In short, I learned so much in just a week while having a fun and chilled stay! Keep up the good work. I hope to come back when the yoga salon is finished and we can work in the garden :)
(Excellent )
30 Mar 2018
Left by host for Workawayer (Roxane & Madec)
Working with Roxanne was really great.She helped us a lot .We worked together building our volunteer bungalows, she helped taking care of our farm , playing with our little boy and many other things.And besides all , it was very nice to have fun , working in harmony together which i appreciate the most..
I literally recommend her to all hosts who really needs help.
Hope to see you again..
(Excellent )
23 Mar 2018
Left by Workawayer (Roxane & Madec) for host
Great expérience at Suha's place!
The wooden houses are well advanced, working in construction is very interesting, Suha and Ogun are amazing people to work and to have fun with ! There is more and more farming work (vegetables, herbal medicine,compost, chickens, banana, papaya, etc...). Sarah taught me a lot about them. Great atmosphere, yummi food, good spleep, you will feel welcomed!
:)
(Excellent )
