16 Jul 2020
Left by Workawayer (Elke) for host
My stay here is already one year ago (August 2019) but I still have a smile on my face when I think back to the days I spent in that peaceful place with such caring hosts and the lovely community. Sara and Suha are warm-hearted persons, I felt welcome and comfortable from the beginning until the end!

The amount of work was really fair and there was a lot of free time. Food was just great, fresh, healthy, organic from the own garden or nearby markets. Sara and Suha showed us around, took us out for excursions, markets, local restaurants etc. I loved to start the day with Sara's yoga classes and I am grateful for the opportunity to give my first own sessions in that safe space.

It was clear that for both of them workaway means really sharing and giving a good experience to the people they receive. So if you want to have a great time and know the real rural Thailand, this is your place to go :).
(Excellent )
18 Jun 2020
Left by Workawayer (StephanieW44) for host
Suha, Sara and their son form a very welcoming and attentive intercultural family. The pace is rather "quiet" and the activities are organized between the volunteers according to the desires of each person.
The living conditions are very pleasant, ideal for getting away from the Thai city.
Only regret: not having been able to stay longer (because welcomed at the last minute and having to leave room for other volunteers)!

Suha, Sara et leur fils constituent une famille interculturelle très accueillante et très à l'écoute. Le rythme est plutôt "tranquille" et les activités s'organisent entre les volontaires selon les envies de chacun. Le cadre est très agréable, idéal pour s'éloigner de la ville thailandaise.
Seul regret : ne pas avoir pu rester plus longtemps (car accueillie en dernière minute et devant laisser de la place pour d'autres volontaires) !
(Very good )
9 Mar 2020
Left by host for Workawayer (Ahes & Raphaël)
Ahes and Raphael stayed with us for about 10 days. And it was a great pleasure to host this 2 beautiful friends. They are both focused, lovely, responsible, easy going beings. They were always ready to give help whenever we need. We worked together with wood and bamboo. (They even started to work on tools alone) we planted seeds, transplanted, took care of the farm, animals, cooked, cleaned and did many other things together.
It was also great to get to know them during our free times, having some drinks with bonfire, nice music..
I definitely recommend them to all other workaway hosts.
Hope to see you again my friends.
(Excellent )
1 Mar 2020
Left by host for Workawayer (Efe & Gulcin)
Efe and Gulcin stayed with us for almost 2 weeks. They were one of my most favorite volunteers,since we open the farm to volunteers. Not because we have the same nationality but because of their nice characters :) We worked together in the farm, about planting seeds, transplanting, watering the garden, did some wood and bamboo work, also they helped me cooking, cleaning, taking care of animals and playing with my son.i appreciate all the time we spent together. They are responsible, easy going and lovely people. I definitely recommend them to all other workaway hosts.
Hope to see you again soon, my dear friends..
(Excellent )
26 Feb 2020
Left by Workawayer (Efe & Gulcin) for host
We don't know how and where to start. Everybody wrote a lot about everything so you should come and help&learn from this wonderful family. We spent 10 days there and learned a lot of great things. If we talk about Suha, he is one of the most sharing person I have ever seen. Even when something is stuck in our mind, we are still calling him =)) Thank you for everything, I know we will see each other again =)
(Excellent )
26 Feb 2020
Left by host for Workawayer (Arianna)
It was a great pleasure to welcome Arianna. She helped us in many areas. Farming, cooking, wood work, animal care and so on. Besides the work it was also really nice to spend time together during our free times. She is a very responsible, attentive helper whenever we need help, she was there to help us. I definitely recommend her to all other workaway hosts.
Hope to see you one day again too :)
(Excellent )
25 Feb 2020
Left by Workawayer (Arianna) for host
I spent two weeks at Suha's farm in November and I couldn't have asked for a better experience. It was my first Workaway and I immediately felt at ease, sorrounded by nature and amazing people. Sara was super kind and helpful, she helped me to better understand how to use plants in order to heal my lungs. The farm is a precious space, full of positive energy, delicious food and people coming from all around the world... I found this experience truly insipiring. The daily work isn't hard, we built a bamboo pee-hider, we did some garden works (planting, moulching, watering, collecting Okra) and some wood works. We also had a lot of free time to enjoy the environment, the waterfalls, a stunning hiking on the mountain or just to read a book. I learned a lot from Suha and I am so grateful for the time spent here with this wonderful family.
I hope to see you soon!
(Excellent )
24 Feb 2020
Left by host for Workawayer (Joanna)
Joanna and her 2 beautiful kids stayed with us for around 2 weeks. We enjoyed our times both during working times and many free times. They used to live in the nature, and all of them have good skills. Joanna was one of the few moms here able to work with me and taking care of the kids at the same time. Because Iris and Leon in spite of their young age they were trying to help me instead of needing help. They are a responsible, nice family. I definitely recommend them to other workaway hosts. Hope to see you guys one day again.
(Excellent )
20 Feb 2020
Left by Workawayer (Joanna) for host
We had a great time at Akirah's garden helping with the farm and the food. It was great to get to know the other volunteers and it was a very confortable stay. The food was delicious, including papayas from the garden. The climbing wall was really exciting for the kids and the area has a few nice things to do. Thanks Suha and Sara!
(Excellent )
17 Feb 2020
Left by host for Workawayer (Linda & Mathias)
Linda joined us for about 10 days and it was really great to work and enjoy our free times together. She is such a great person, always ready to help, responsible, polite, positive and skillfull. She helped us in cooking, cleaning, farming, wood and bamboo work, taking care of kids and many more.. Because of the dry and smokey season here instead of hard working we enjoyed our free times with Linda and other volunteers, did lots of bouldering in the farm, hiked up to mountains, talking, drinking, visiting places around..I enjoyed every single moment with her during her stay. And definitely, recommend her to all other workaway farms & hosts.
Hope to see you one day again Linda, my best wishes for you..
(Excellent )
12 Feb 2020
Left by Workawayer (Linda & Mathias) for host
I had really nice and relaxed days at the farm. They both are really caring and try to help the volunteers in any way they can. We cooked delicious meals together and could learn about farming as well as woodwork or yoga. There was not so much work because of the dryseason so the nice boulder wall in the farm is a big plus :) the place itself is really nice and suha even took us to different places to explore. thank you very much for everything and I wish you all the best with your projects!
(Excellent )
24 Jan 2020
Left by Workawayer (Yara) for host
I‘ve never thought I could find a so wonderful, peaceful and welcoming place on Workaway. It was my first volunteer experience and I could never ask for a better one.
In the end I even came twice, because I liked it so much. I came back for Christmas, because this place became a second home for me.

I’d always amazing people around me, it was super interesting to sit around the fire with a few drinks and talk about life. Everybody was so kind and lovely.
I’ve learned a lot in this time, from permaculture, wood and bamboo work to how to make a curry or papaya salad.
Suha showed me how to climb, which become my new hobby.
It was never boring on the farm, Suha was always open to show something new, or you just crap the bicycle and go somewhere by your own.
There are hot springs, an impressive cave, we hiked on a mountain or went to a market.
Everyday something new..

Thank you so much for everything, Suha!

So when you plan to have a wonderful time as a volunteer in the north of Thailand than go there, I promise you will love it!
(Excellent )
6 Jan 2020
Left by host for Workawayer (Yara)
Yara was one my most favorite volunteer of all times :) And maybe my farm was same for her that she visited second time in 2 months, and stayed many days here. In spite of her very young age, she helped farm work in many areas. She is a fast learner, responsible and lovely person.She was ready all the time whenever i need help. She helped me taking care of animals, planting seeds, taking care of vegetable garden, cooking, cleaning and many more.. With some wood work tools she got even better skilled than me.
We also enjoyed a lot during many free times, hiking mountains, climbing walls, even drinking and talking about life across the bon fire.
I would definitely recommend her to all workaway hosts. Hope to see you one day again my great volunteer Yara :)
(Excellent )
21 Jan 2020
Left by host for Workawayer (Christopher)
We had a great time with Christian during his stay. He is a very responsible lovely and experienced person. He helped us in many different things. We did farm work together, cooking, cleaning, taking care of animals and many more. He is also great at carpentry(much better than me), we still enjoy the large chair he made here.
Also enjoyed lots of free times together, hiking to the mountains, exploring around the village, making some nice fires during the cold nights. I am very glad to have him as a volunteer and leave as a friend. Hope to see you one day again my friend :)
I definitely recommend him to all workaway hosts.
(Excellent )
13 Jan 2020
Left by Workawayer (Christopher) for host
Suha, Sara and their son Alas, created an amazing place full of positive energy, peace and community.
In December, I stayed 2 weeks at this lovely farm and enjoyed every minute. The simple life, about what I learned a lot, the yoga lessons at 6 o'clock in the morning giving by inspiring Sara, the cooking together with all of the volunteers, the hiking to the top of the mountain, the carpentry, the rock climbing wall, the fresh food out of the garden. There is so many amazing things to do and to learn. To sit in the back of Suhas 40 years old pick up truck just always made me a big smile on my face. Thank you for all the impulses, you both gave me. And all the love and all the community thoughts. I wish there would be more of those places and I wish to come back some day! It was such a great time I will never forget. Suha I miss you!
(Excellent )
