11 Nov 2021
Left by Workawayer (Alicia & Sidney) for host
Suha’s farm was my first Workaway experience and it exceeded every expectation I had immeasurably. This permaculture farm radiates positive energy that you will feel the day you arrive. The work was always enjoyable and was a great way to learn about the permaculture lifestyle! When we weren’t cooking delicious food or drinking by magnificent fires, we would go to surrounding areas for rock climbing. One weekend, a group of us took a road trip to Chiang Rai for rock climbing and camped in a cave! Along the way, we stopped at the White, Black, and Blue Temple. Suha’s zeal for sharing Thai culture, the outdoors, and permaculture makes this farm a phenomenal experience.
(Excellent )
11 Nov 2021
Left by host for Workawayer (Alicia & Sidney)
Alicia was our first workaway volunteer since long time. She stayed with us more than a month , and it was always great moments with her. We did many farm work, some wood work cooked delicious food together along with others. She was really helpful with her positive and happy attitude . Many days we went to rock climbing , hiked up mountains, visited other cities. Making bonfires, having some drinks and gazing the stars with her young and wise spirit was such a pleasure.
I definitely recommend her to all workaway hosts who needs a good help.
(Excellent )
23 Mar 2021
Left by host for Workawayer (Ilya & Vyara)
We had great time together with Ilya and Vyara, they stayed in our farm around 3 weeks ,and their help is really appreciated.They helped me about taking care of my animals, all type of farming work, wood work and so on. Also this beautiful vegan couple was amazing at kitchen.
Besides all , we became great friends , and i am looking forward to see you guys again.
They are definitely recommended to all workaway hosts.
(Excellent )
21 Mar 2021
Left by Workawayer (Ilya & Vyara) for host
We spent more than two weeks with Sara and Suha at the start of 2019 and it was so fulfilling, it was the perfect introduction to get to know Thailand and start feeling at home there. The atmosphere was so laid back and relaxed, the workawayers friendly... basically really nothing to complain about :)
Since then we kept in touch and Sara and Suha are both always welcome to our home in Bulgaria!
(Excellent )
