Internet:
1. Pure Vegan Heaven
    Uplink capacity: 19.706 Mbps
    Downlink capacity: 77.161 Mbps

---

# Shirine's option

Would we be working with her?
Do we have independant place? or project?
How much do they interest into. 
Content marketing do they into it?
Leaving contents for ourselves
**physical work seems more**

1. Is it okay that we're vegan?
2. what is the land's purpose
3. She will be there?
4. What kinds of projects happening there?

- 7 or 7:30 am

Tell them what to do
A lot of irrigation, Drainage works
Clearing, Composting, Prepare the soil for rainy season

See how it would go

She thinks we gonna stay 1 month
As progress going

A lot of banana, papaya trees on the site
Bread Fruit, Fashion Fruit tree

Photography, Videography(Film Editor Friend in German)
Costume for her project.

## WHERE
Rich People Around them(They may visit in future)
Singapore People Too They’re more into businesses
Community Garden
Accommodation, Sleep Together in a room. Staying in her house
Google Maps
A half acre(1000m2)
Nice Internet Access

## FOOD
She can take care of us
Money for us
Go Vegan okay(There are a lot of volunteers)

## WHO
A couple might be together
Host’s Permaculture Experience : Self-Study
Busy because of collecting video calls from Volunteers
Host can stay 2 weeks, easier to longer staying

## EXPECTATION
It’s not a commercial Farm
Easy Person
Food Forest : When one enters a person experiences food forest
Karaoke Night?
30th would be available for the room

## WHAT
Tools, Long Sleeves, Groves, Hat




# Today's Plan

- Pharmacy or Healthy Food Supplier for MARY
- Get return our laundries
- Return to our previous Hostel
- Check-in New Hostel for the next
- Check our options

    - [x] Askirah Garden
    - [ ] Keet's Bio-Dynamic Farm
        ~~Need to more figuring out~~
    - [x] Shirine's Food Forest Garden























## Longterm options

So what is our options?
we need to keep continueing this job? yeah?
but how exceptionally better?
yeah. we'd like to having our own farm in one day?
how can we make it?
keep investing? yeah
it can be a good option for it. but it can take time.

bitcoin seems a good way to invest. but still not sure as well.
because there is a risk.
how can we calculate the risk?
should I have to risk my future about it?
but also there is another risk as well if we don't go for high return potentials.
arent it?

yeah. but bitcoin and trump thing seems a bit risky.
is there any other way? we should have to invest for strong company.
yes. how to identify the strong company?

## Invest for Strong Company?

yeah this is good option to go. I agree with that.
so that means I need to keep reading the book about it. and check the best company for it.

yes then I could feel much better for it.

Figuring out best options.

Coinbase, would be a good place?
yes? or need to keep researching about it?
Trump? and the company's demand for world?


## Her Condition

Hm... I feel worry about her body. It makes me concern a bit.
well that is good she doesn't feel so many appetits, but yes, I'd like to buy some anti-parasite pills too. yeah that would be great.
but I feel somehow very tiring with her.
yeah. she is too slow and clumpsy. but I guess I believe that happened because of her body conditions got really bad.
she needs moving around and having some cleansing for parasites and some others.

parasites.... and UTI things?

Food: Garlic, Bearberry, Probiotics(Kefit, Yogurt), Cranberry Juice
Anti-biotics: Common antibiotics include Trimethoprim/Sulfamethoxazole (Bactrim), Fosfomycin, Nitrofurantoin, and Cephalexin.

and whatelse I can do?
I'm curious what can we do more about anymore for ourselves.

