tiring, but still good. because I can figure out something.
I have enough budget, enough visa counts.

yes but how can we make this whole asset to having our own farm?
how can we consider those all assets include our experiences could direct establishing our own farm?

Should we start our own place? If we start to stay some place,

# Becoming the Permacultural Duo 

should we think that is our place? do we have to consider the place is our possesed place?
yeah. that must be great option.
If we can just create the whole process, and showing them how we made a change, that would be great option to upload.

the content would be impressive. Yeah, Doing permaculture at each sites would be great.
we would like to continue that kinds of journey. as a nomadic permies, we could visit many places and organizing the sites.
We'd like to just having more donations from it.
we should have to be enough and strong.

yeah, that would be super nice way.
the reason why we want to having our own place because, we want to feel the stability.
we want to own our place.
so documenting how we do the works would be great asset for our own.
yeah let's make it!

but how do we exactly negotinate the content creation parts? We need to figure out Timelapsing, how it would be changed.
and creating each parts and sessions how it would unfold, we should deliver pretty well.

from planing,

and then we can ask for money for it!
To continue our journey, we have to gather some fundraising it!
the budget would help for the place.
Yes we can consider ourselves as a Permaculture NGO activist.

That's beautiful jobs and options to go.

but what would we need it? yeah. that would be great options to go.

# how can we make ourselves better for it?

## the projects and videos should have to be standing out.

## We can contribute for their marketing

1. Google Sites
2. 


