this is super interesting. actually I need to understand what does really matter.
fortunately, I don't know what is super right for right now on the stockmarket situation of usa.
yeah because, nothing seems super guaranteed as the Warren Buffit as mentionned.

yes. understanding about the stock does really matter.
but bitcoin, seems the only one that I should have to focus on. maybe.
blockchain is the thing something like the future-like. but why we don't use it yet?
how many countries do they use for it?

yes. it seems rather we have to choose for it. for longterm staying I don't know that would be great option to go.
Rather I'd like to buy something useful assets.
yes maybe the blockchain is the thing.
at least I should have to follow up the giants index and follows. right?
yes.
that would make that much better for it.

let's have a sleep. I don't want to waste my health.
I should have to learn something from this, though whatever the cost it is.
I should have to study about it more.
yes. in a long term it would be much better.

I should have to buy in much cheaper moment.
**yes but how to know when is the price is cheaper for buying it?**
hm... that is the important thing.
understanding the market is super difficult.

**how they do calculate the proper share price?**


wow.. soon it would be a 5th, then until 8th, there is only 4 nights we have.
that's pretty interesting. I won't think that would be exceptional if I don't have any plan for it.
so I should have to create the appointment with that as soon as possible. right?
yes. that would be great for it.

then each days, what should I do?
I feel a little bit tired. want to do nothing.

