# Morning Planing

it's interesting. but I dont know what is the best choice to go.
yes. seedling foundation seems good place to yet.
but what should we have to prepare for the online meetup?
yes.
we'd like to document for the organization what they do. I want to know that.

1. why they do that for.

2. what kind of mindset do they have for the society.

3. why they impact to the world.
- because we're all connected?
yes we can think about like that. but need to know something more useful way of it?

what do they expect for us? what they want to really need to know about us?

4. how long would we stay there?

yes. those info would be important for them.

5. who we are, what kind of valueset do we have.

6. why you reach out here.

7. How did you know about us.


a lot of questions they have do us.
yes.

all great. but I want to know more about the information


whatelse should we do?

organizing. reading books. yes. need to learn about Finance. right?
how they different?

How should I know about them at all?
what do I want to know?
'Does my Investment go well?' well I don't know. because the bitcoin, seems very volatile and couldn't figure out how it will perform in future. so that was my speculative side. I didn't have to invest on it. because I didn't know well about the asset.

yeah but who knows it will be okay in future too? yes. but it sounds like I wish for a luck which is invisible and unpredictable, out of control.
yes. How can we keep thriving in future? yes. how can we make it? do we need to make a metric or caculate of it?

maybe a calculation for our current status would be very nice and neaty. right?
yes I think so.
how can we do that?
do we have to calculate each hours performance?

yes.
I want to figure out our performance. every single day and every single moment.
why? because, yeah but we also want to enjoy our time without too squizing our brain.
then may 3 devision would be great? yeah.

# after studying about DCF

Yes. I got more figured out about the Stocks.
It is directly related with the numbers from Cash Flow and Balance Sheet.
The business's financial heatlhy.

and I am thinking about the content creation.

