so what should I do by the way? I feel very confused. yes. why I cannot get any reward for it? well are you looking for a reward? well I can take any of appreciation about that. right?

I do take care of her cost a half, why I cannot get any answer from it? yes. I feel a bit stuffy and challenged. This seems a bit too much for me.

why I feel in this way?
well I helped her trouble. then why I cannot get any of helps or something about it?
yes Is she the one that I've loved her well?
Why I feel a bit confused with her?

# She paid me more than the half of 3600 + 166000 baths.

yes. she just walked away and sent me a money more than the half of the cost.
I feel appreciate about it.
I think we both feel happy right now.
but yes I want to check her feeling too.
she must be worry my feeling or uncompfortable with my feeling.

yes. maybe I need to check her feeling too.
I should have to take care of her too.

yes. I appreciate her send, the amount is above the half.

hm... it's interesting. the everything goes well. I feel much happy with that. what can I do for it? I need to figure out our priority? yes. maybe reading a book can be a very good way to do. I will need to rest on afternoon? or yes.
I need to talk about the Seedling Foundation about this. they might read our mail that I sent. but I wonder how they would respond. maybe we need to check them out their recieving by calling them directly.

but it seems to be done.

# happy from everything what I have

yes. this is great feeling, 

# Rode Mic

it seems super great. the function is amazing, but just I didn't know how to use it properly. the each mics had to connected with laptop and connected. the receivers had a function as a mic, and it had to connect with the software to use as a recorder in first.

I didn't know about it. but they had to figure out in first time. so unfortunately the things just moved away without any recording.

so what should I do? I don't know.
I want to have a markdown reader.
yes. Offline AI for coding if I can have it that would be great.

# That is super funny about my investment.

I didn't even think about how the corporation's product will last for 5~10 years.
Yes. The corporation has to have a decent product lasts long term.
Do I know what Microsoft sells? what about the Nvidia?
What about Tesla? Do I know them well?
What about Panasonic? Of course, I know them a little but not a total.
I should have to research and understand them thoroughly.

the great investor's advices were decent. I had to understand their products and services. and have to understand the products will how long last.
What about the Apple's Iphone? On-Device AI how much they will go well?

What about Youtube Channel? Yes. Visual Products will go last.
but yes Bitcoin... would they be the good products for market?
How can I know that...?

It's not predictable. that's one of concern. We don't have to speculate our gold for gambling.

