life is cool, but also so confusing. I don't know what to do.
a few months before, I started my writing in Notes. but it seems super confusing.
actually 'Notes' app has a pros, it can be interacted between Mobile and Laptop, which is great.
but I don't know is there any way to interact between mobile environment and Github repo sitory.

but as long as chatGPT helps me to learn about coding super fast and easily way, I'd like to get closer with cmd environment. because one day I'd like to automate the getting order to Coin investment or Videocreation as well.
All the things I want to do more secure, and more protective and amazing.

I don't know what will happen. Atomic computation seems appearing these days, it would be something great but, I don't know what will just happen.

it's interesting.

- but should I get used with how to use AI? or getting used with the Reading or 'Manunal' function in cmd programs?
maybe I can ask for it.

but anyway I feel so confusing what should I do for now.
because there are too many things, I don't want to make it any of things to be done for now.

rather I want to just having a sleep right now.

It's tiring but also confusing. what should I have to do for my own job? actually I just want to learn something useful. what would be perfectly useful for me? I'd like to learn about a thing to invest myself. yes. what would invest myself up? efficiency I can boost them up. yeah. right.

and I can just try to reach out more audiences with my things. how can I do that?
whatever the platform would be, I could just create a thing something useful for us.

a blog can be greatform of it. right? yes. an article and good search engine would be great. but it's also important to check would I want to be connected with. right? yes that can be. then does it mean my blog should I have to start right now? yes maybe.

what kind of platform should I have to use it? blog + portfolio can be great for me. I'd love to create my own things to do. showcase for my blog, and also become the place. alright. let's try to do this. I'd like to create something like that as an ... then should I consider the seo with AI bot able to crawl it? how perplexity or Bing does crawl each webpages? should I create them into all matching with algorithmic functioning?


