
Place : SommePaul Cafe
Internet Speed : 
   1. Somme Cafe
   Uplink capacity: 23.169 Mbps
   Downlink capacity: 54.738 Mbps

   2. Bannan Library
   Uplink capacity: 31.299 Mbps
   Downlink capacity: 356.909 Mbps

Weather : Humid

---

# I feel happy from her presence.

the more I stay with her super happy. I don't know why.
because I feel she is really nice one.
yes. this is pretty amazing. I never expect to meet this kind of lady in my life.
I want to make her dream and happiness fulfilled.




# the way to make her happy.

how can I do that?

it seems validate her value for my life does work for happiness.
because, the more I feel appreciating and expressing it, she looks more happy.
I need to show them more happiness for her.
but the genuine and right way.

Meditation is one of way to make her happy, and both we can happy.

and it's interesting she will be happy to be with more diversed people. Non White Community. Yes. why is that?
so I can see she likes to be within diversed country.

Vietnam she mentioned. Should we have to look up? yes. it can be.
the place should have to be pretty inspiring and great. it seems up to the host. yeah.




















- Meditation(Yoga,  Meditation)
- Diversity
- Inspirity
- Financial Stability Factor



# Internet speed check

I can check internet speed within below prompt
`networkQuality -v`


# Emoji Possibility in vim writing


anyway that makes me thinking about creating a google slide or google site that shows up our showcase.
I'd like to make a homepage that people understand about us. that would be super important.
if there is some way to merge different platforms we use(such as Adobe Portfolio, Google Slides, Google Sites, Instagram). All of them would be important but should be merged?
Yes. just having one, and focus one would be great to go. What would they be? I have no idea. 

