wow that was super sad. and super exciting. but also worried. why did I purchase like that?
oh I blame myself now. why do I like this?
yeah that was my decision.
I need to be blamed? maybe. a kind of it. :)
because I made a mistake? or just clicked to purchase without exact understanding.
should have to keep watching it.
feel so bad about it.
because of my leckless purchasing decision.

it's sad. yes. this is kind of.
what should I do then?
just I don't know.
I don't want to know about it.
because I feel tired and anxious.
emotionally it is not easy process.
investment askes for huge things to go.
so rather I should have to do until that goes not ruin my mood or something like that limit. under the limitation,
I can keep stay peaceful of it.

yes I am afraid of if I get to tired.
and removed by the fluctuation.

hoo... I feel super tired.
because yea. it seems I should have to take care of something. I should have to just rest in.
I didn't have to give her experience something sad or bad.
I didn't want to do this.

yeah.
well.
I would like to ask her feeling today.
and we can re-organize our thought and everything because we do have every single moments to having this.
I'd like to be much more understandable way to investment and something.
let's do mindmap.

the other things looks not important that much
but yes. I'd need to calculate estimated cost for the staying in Sahainan Permaculture Centre.
how much would they ask for staying more than 30 days? 8 days or 15 days? or 60 days? 90 days?

so we can see in total it can be just 600,000 wons to help her certification too. it contains everything of it.
of course just decision making in 10 days right after this, can be very challenging.
but yes we can ask for the certification course too. right?
we could stay there and feel something. then when could we just 
