hoo...
that was tiring.
yes creating fire, and lasting it isn't easy.
why is that?
because there is no reason, but a fire just turned off from the beginnig.
though that was same material when it fires up well.
yes I don't know the reason, that makes it difficult.

but anyway, we should do those things that make ourselves get better.
minjeong's video I should have to create it.

and photos for this farm too.



This is no fun. but maybe this is a signal that I should have to find out my own fun. not for others and not for any things else, but only for myself.
what would it be?
yes, as long as I get my stability, I feel so much okay?
maybe. at least I have a plan.

but how long will I need to make my own budget?
500,000,000 won.

currently, I have only 4,000,000 won.

how can I have that? it's more than 125 times amount of it.
4,000,000 won should be multiply 125 times.

(is there anyway to use a mathmatical calculation within vim writing mode?)
`:echo 500000000/4000000` works.
(Thanks god)

I feel even make it 2 times are difficult, how can I make it 125 times?
2 times bigger is 200%
12,500 times bigger. how can I make it?
How can I make those huge success?

1. Should have to create those videos to make 12,500 views creating types.
or yes. make those kind of value making things I should have to focus on it.
how can I do that?

GoFundMe also able to do that. but it seems dedicating contents creations every second and every time.
maybe I should have to ask for a labor throughout managing a WWOOFing. That would be great choice.(Why Chen and Sandot doesn't use the WWOOFF organization? That is interesting.)

``` 
I'm curious how Sandot and Shen can build this farm from bear hand?
how was the processes? Should we follow the same logic and process?
```

yes above curiousities should be the interview questions.

Sandot and Shen. yes making from BearHands are pretty amazing. so true.
but I'm into swales and any others. not only the things.
**yes. so true. I need to something to know about Companion gardening and labor effective work process Designing.**

**My way to learn is 'Designing' itself, not how to survive from wild.**
so that is quite different.
Of course I respect her way of fire and strength, wildness I admire but, there is much more things that I want to learn.
of course this place would be great place for her to learn but I am not sure for myself.
**of course there are some things I should earn from the owner couple.**


---

by the way, markdown preview doesn't come out. Dammn!
what should I do? vim doesn't available with 

is this matter? well. yes some kind of my fun.


