so it seems like a creating something but what is that for? for saving better?
shortform would be the best format to attract more people.
but I wonder what can make the people come over here.

maybe creating a food can be done for them.
I need to research what kind of contents can be good for the potential audience.
they seem thinking about what kind of contents they want to create.


1. They want to farm to table content too

2. They want to Interview Content one with Sandot

I am wondering what kind of questions should I deliever.
maybe the brief whole understanding would be great. right?
I must know what kind of sounds should I deliever?
what is the reason of filming the reason?

to story telling people, because people need to story to remember.
so this is for teaching people why they start the farm.
yes this is matter. but why?
because people can understand about this.
people can willing to support this farm too.
we can see how Sandot loves this world and Thailand.


and they want to deliver with Photos too.
yes. why? because they do not want to give me hard time with storage issue.
yes. I can understand. they're peaceful mindset. they want us to be happy from here.
even though this is an work exchange, they do not squize me that much.
I feel appreciate about it.

but the more they care me, I want to care them too.
How can I do that?
yes photos are enough maybe.

but yes shortforms can be great as well.
what if they just show me how to eat them in raw.
that can be super great as well?

let's first do the photo editing.


what would be matter in first then?

