yeah tried to do something. but still not easy to figure out what is important for now.
yes I would like to update some files for them
I need to check the sahainan videos as well.
why?
because I promised? or no, I just wanted to make something better for them.
that would be my job. and I want to ask for donation for it!
yeah
    
    the donation part is important

but I don't know what to do and how to do. yeah maybe just I have to do? or figure out some people or influencers who do the same thing.
especially some influencers who're on the road! that would be great!
but I feel a bit bordered as well? nope. what if they dislike of it? that would be alright? dharma, according to the dharma, I don't have to expect anything for it. right?
so asking for donation I am not sure that would be good option for it.

yeah it seems okay to go with the contents.
I should make some video for it. but, at least, I am a photographer, bunch of my stuffs are photos. but it should be outstanding as a reel or shortform. how can I make it super easily? without any struggling so much of it?

yeah seems monetization very important for it. need to know how to simply update contents for people. how can I do that?

well to be honest, I feel tiring.
yeah.
what is usage? yeah of course talking about the orphanage was impressive. and understanding about chinese seemed interesting but, that would be important?
I don't really know about that.
I feel tiring just.

yeah because there are too many talks.
I don't like it much.
yeah.
I don't want to waste my time that much. rather I'd like to read a book or just jump up my time. yeah.
writing seems better than socializing. yeah.

ahhr...
yeah the connections are temporary. Why should I keep thinking about this? yeah. just having a good relationship is enough. yeah.
I don't have to think about that too much. rather I'd like to study and to learn more about us.

of course talking with them can be a good learning, but... I really don't know this should keep lasting like this.
yeah.
sometimes can be great but, too often, I feel that is useless. yeah I want to keep learning and understanding what should we do.
enjoy is good. but just only talking and chatting, I don't know what is the use.

but it's no fun. yeah I feel much happier from achievement and learning.
yeah that is me. just chatchatchat is not so much fun to be honest.
maybe me and Mary is different. we're not matching that much.
yeah. I'm into growth oriented lifestyle. To do something more, and being happy from achievement.
if we don't get achievement, what is use?

but also achievement doesn't always happiness. yeah. we need to enjoy the life as well.
so true. but, need to get rest well. aren't we?
yeah maybe just this time could be okay with that.
but not for a long term. yeah I want to be avoid more those useless time.
I want to learn more about permaculture and farming not an orphanage or something.

