yes time is going and flying away.
    
    what should I do?
    
to be honest I do not know about that.
because life seems not easy to predict or do something for it.
but yeah my malaysia life will be end up after 23th.

    what would I do after 23th?

yes I should bring her to Singapore, that would be the important task for it.
then? would I like to visit her at where? Wisconsin? That would be super expensive.
but yes I want to be with her and fuck her so hard all the time.
why? because I love her. I love the Mary who is super kind and loving me.
She understands me well.

but yes, that is too scary.
what if I just ask the place for staying long term, more than 90 days?
I could stay more than 90 days but, after that...
yeah let's ask for that.
and during the inquiry, maybe I could stay somewhere else, longer?

MARS can be the place as well.

yeah. but I don't want to move from here.
yeah. but this place isn't the best. yeah
rather I want to learn and to be with her.
yeah.
being with her is super sweet.
but also wants learn the permaculture and the way of enriching the life.
where would be the place?


hm...
I feel super tired to find out everything by myself.
yeah just want to go some place to help myself up.


----

I felt really better. because, somehow I got really better.
the life, it always needs a reason. without any reason, meaningful reason, we cannot make a big switch without it.
yes. so I feel a bit insecure? no, all things just gone. I feel so happy with those everything :)

Shirin, yes I just asked her reason to having garden, that was for self-cure.
after losing every assets of her mother by theif, she got super depressed.
it was impressive to hear.

yes. and then, that just helped me out. I got more understanding about her. I feel super better about working in this garden.
**yes I felt super lost at all**
but, now I feel super happy with that.
I can do more. I can bear more works for it.

yeah how my emotion got changed in this way?
because I can see the importance, how much it can help her, and other people.
**as long as there is a story, we could make this place to be meaningful for others too.**

yeah so it seems the story does matter.
**so the 'story' does everything for it.**
yeah. story part.

story

---

