yes this is very difficult part.
but I can understand what should we do.
every detail, every delicaition

i am a boy. I love this laptop.
so what would be great?
yes it was a bit disappointed, why I couldn't get much money for it.
the devidend worked with CONY, but not that much.
Birkshire Hatheway. yeah. that is good one, but also lost a chance.
but also earned more in a not that bad price? right?

but yes, maybe I should have to move on the leverage part.
yes. I'd like to earn more.
but have to see how the situation goes on. yeah.


    so what is important for now?

I need to hair tiding up again.
and check the availability about what we can choose.

yes the A little wild can be a place to go. but it would be just only one day. no more about it.
then should we think about MARS?

yes well after a little wild, 

    we can check the MARS can be allowing us.


and whatelse? should I have to keep staying here? I feel uncomfortable to be honest?
but yes whatelse, wherelse would be great for me?

    Need to be calm, and solving for budget things.

and willing to stay... yes america can be an option to find a job there.
but it would be only 90 days. right?

yeah I want to check the finance part as well. and when it spikes up, I'd like to sell off it too!
yeah that is the skill. buy at fear, sell at festival. 

    what is best option for now?

so what can I choose for now? finding a job in USA? is it possible and easy? Impossible. actually that would be the best option if I can make it.
yes why not? that would be perfect option for me.
whatelse would be great?

    why that would be great?

because we can figure out staying together, and taking care of her father, and plan together for next journey as well.

