yeah why not, I can do manything all together.
my body got better within the timing, my flu got over. yes it is quite nice feeling that I missed.
I can do more reps with my workout. nothing is permanent.

yeah. the covid-wise, I am not sure it would be great timing to purchase the money.
it seems like a skeptical approach. Warren buffit said, never do that.
then, should I just purchase the buffit's stocks? yeah maybe that is the best option to go.
I can save my thought.
and just focus on the other options.

maybe I can do more focus at others.
then I can focus on the investment.
but it's also true that getting over with thinking about investment is really not easy.
because there is an opportunities.

yeah but also there is a risk I lost my budget as already it has happened.
how much I lost with this?

**but the covid wise, it seems a bit of chance to buy the situation with covid**

    정부는 이달 말까지 코로나19 환자 수 증가세가 계속될 것으로 보고 의료 체계와 치료제·백신 등 대응 자원을 충분히 확보한다는 계획이다

yes. it's interesting how people get income from those situatisive stocks. some issue makes an income.
A war can make the money from the weapone for a country's defensive system. the enterprise receives more demands, it makes the stock prices bull.
**This kinds of metrics and leverage system makes me think, every situation can be a chance**


yeah this is insane. maybe I need to have a time limit with the investment wise.
then what should I do? I don't know.


there should be another part of energy and time to take control over the Syntropic Forestry and Video editing wise. yeah.
how can I figure out it?
I can keep control over it, how many hours and how many money I can take control over it and the input verse output how much different does matter. yeah.

it seems there is always a chance to earn money from Investment as well.
so It makes me not easy to just let the all the things go.
yeah. Need to take the chance of it.
but would they be a chance? buffit told us, it is super difficult to predict the market.
yeah.
but also, understanding about the strong company also are a kind of prediction. aren't they?
of course, there would be a lot of analytics rolls out but it's still incomplete guessing. there wouldn't be never perfect.
but yeah that can be just calculating game as well.

there would be always a risk to lose, but also just 


















1. [https://tossinvest.com/news?contentType=news&contentParams=%7B%22id%22%3A%22seokyung_2DD0WZE1OV%22%7D#:~:text=%EC%A0%95%EB%B6%80%EB%8A%94%20%EC%9D%B4%EB%8B%AC%20%EB%A7%90%EA%B9%8C%EC%A7%80%20%EC%BD%94%EB%A1%9C%EB%82%9819%20%ED%99%98%EC%9E%90%20%EC%88%98%20%EC%A6%9D%EA%B0%80%EC%84%B8%EA%B0%80%20%EA%B3%84%EC%86%8D%EB%90%A0%20%EA%B2%83%EC%9C%BC%EB%A1%9C%20%EB%B3%B4%EA%B3%A0%20%EC%9D%98%EB%A3%8C%20%EC%B2%B4%EA%B3%84%EC%99%80%20%EC%B9%98%EB%A3%8C%EC%A0%9C%C2%B7%EB%B0%B1%EC%8B%A0%20%EB%93%B1%20%EB%8C%80%EC%9D%91%20%EC%9E%90%EC%9B%90%EC%9D%84%20%EC%B6%A9%EB%B6%84%ED%9E%88%20%ED%99%95%EB%B3%B4%ED%95%9C%EB%8B%A4%EB%8A%94%20%EA%B3%84%ED%9A%8D%EC%9D%B4%EB%8B%A4]
