So we're leaving the day after tomorrow.
it seems not easy to keep staying here.
yeah. I'd like to just move on and seeing what would happen in this area.
but MARS...
and the seperation from her is sad.

what can I do better with this?
I can wait her making money, or I can wait for my making money?
there are plenty things.

Does she really want to be a korean korean? yeah why not?
and that wise, I can help for her visa. yeah. because she is super cute and kind one.
but I don't think that would happen in future?
I don't know that doesn't matter, the first is just enjoying this time and learning about syntropic-agroforestry does matter.
the others, I don't really care that much.
but at least, I can think about video creation?
Do I?
maybe I just can contribute other farms, and staying there for learning the other concepts of understanding but,
whatelse we can do better?
If we can upload on youtube, and asking for some way of money? I don't really understand about this.
but yeah it seems uploading on my youtube channel seems important with the place. I could keep making the videos, and giving them or something offering?

**but yes, we need to keep producing the videos on our channel as well. that is the best.**
we could earn the budget as well.

It's interesting she got into natural farmers in South Korea, that is beautiful.
yeah. Could we offer or ended up the marriage visa things in Korea?
yes maybe I could offer her more freedom for South Korea.

but that is all after consideration? yeah.
rather we could just think about ... what would be our consideration first?
we should be faithful for us.
yeah. we can just think about whatever we can.
she would need to meet her family and friends, then all after that she could think about something more.
yeah, those times, I would need to keep updating videos and thinking about investment and learning about Agroforestry with Syntropica.
yeah the book I'd like to read that out so much.

but.. yeah..let's see how it would go!
let's see everything how they would all go!
yeah!

let's sleep for now!

tomorrow, I'll do laundry, garden work, go to market at morning with her, yoga & meditation(it is super sweet)

I was super happy with Mary because she understood my all concerns. When I spoke out within English, She almost got it. that was super sweet and happy.
I found myself, express better when I can express within mother tongue.




yeah...
that was tough and rough communication, but we seemed dealing out it well.
so we also considered roughly about the marriage visa thing.

lovely.
I'd like to make a baby with her.
I'd like to accept her as my wife.
I want to build a dream with her more tightly.
I want to freak her so hard.
life is beautiful when a communication goes well with the loving ones.



