interesting.
I made sleep over here.
I feel so cool.
I can make something wild from here.
I feel so glad with this.
I want to eat some hot warm soup.
That would be great

well... yeah.
life... I don't know what t od o for now.
what would be super important?
life, love....
I can just enjoy this place more.
but also I don't want to some checking it.

should I just make some video editing?
maybe... but I feel super tired too... 


why I feel so tired? because of the last night?
yeah but my mind seems okay with that?
yeah
I feel so great for now :)
I want to just drink or eat some noodle or warm soup.
where can I get that?
but yeah I can think about it later.

I wish I could more capable for her.
becauase of our distant I feel she is precious.
my cute little baby.

---


These everything seems meaningless. Yeah why I started this journey? It was for having our farm. But this segregation i feel so weird. I feel so awkward. We suppose to be together here...

Nah i feel super weird with this what should we do? We can just start a land digging up? Would it be the thing we want to do? Hm maybe hella yeah but also we would need to have a plan. Yeah big plan of it.

The strong skeleton plan. We need the construction. How we want to have it? How we would like to have it? Moneymaking in rural area is possible but I'd like to have more something achievable for her. If she can have a permanent residency visa that would be great for her as well.

I don't know about her citizenship but yes the permanent residency can be great. Probably for her family as well. Their parents can just stay in the rural area as well. But no people who know about them can be sad. They might need more opportunity to meet together and enjoy together. How can we make it?

Community building seems important for seniors as well. How can we make the community senior or all age around established farm? Yeah i wish to have that kinds of farm.

South korea has it's own beautiful culture for old generation. Wish to revive that as well. It should be for all generation. How can I know that? How can I build it?
They would need water, enjoyment with that. Of course, public transportation would be great for them, so a big city would be super great too.

---

it's a bit sad without her.
why is this? because I need her.
I want to feel her.
I want to hug her
I want to be with her.
I want to eat with her.
I want to sleep with her.
the feeling without her is very sad.

I miss you a lot baby.

yeah somehow life just has been happened in this way. what can I do?

I can just keep dreaming about it.
I can keep thinking about our thing what we truely need. yeah. I want to know what should we do?

their parents, and our parents.
what kinds of farm we want to build?
I want to we can potentialize our all seeds.

how can we do that?
we could do something what we really want. that would be an option for that.
how can I make it?
Could I be a good friend with Battmung? maybe. but I don't need and I don't want that.
I don't want to be with liar.
I just want to create those people who can live together, the visa things, I want to figure out as well.
the farm I'd like to that teach the vipassana properly. so that can helpe people awaken up.
how can we do that?

---

every morning, we can start the farm sessions. the farm session.
start from the meditation, yoga routine or we can start from any of calistenics as well.
we can make something for ourselves.

that would be great for every one.
but also, I'm tired of making an enemy. I don't need any enermy for it. but just want to make something bigger and stronger.
how can we make it?
meditation can differ the whole processes.

Meditation, senior friendly(universal design), rutine valid farm. yeah. that would be great.

what can I do btw? I don't know. just I feel I miss something.
yeah I feel like I lost something?
lost? well, how can I call that is missing?
rather I feel much better of it.
yeah. there would be more personal time, that I can interact myself better.
yeah.
which is good baby.

I want to make something more beautiful.
**what would be the way to make our future beautiful?**

I have no idea for it.
just I want to having my business and earning money from it.
why? because there would be more freedom. yeah as much as we do the work, there wouldn't be any of difficulty but only our responsibility.

what kind of things are our beautiful things?
the beauty and smile with friends. yeah.
and the nature, the awe from those people, and inspiring the other young people.
yeah I want to make the people feel amazing with that.

what if just I can offer the lovely fruits and vegetables for them?
what if they can just buy that, how much would it be great?
yeah I want to make them possible to pay through kakaopay or any other qr code, to easily let them buy :)

yes that would be super great
.money, but more than money I want to have more something? yes.
smiling, rich playing together.
yeah. more than just money, I want to talk about the socialization.
I want to let people stay at the farm and to do the work all together.
yeah.
and I don't want to get bothered by those people as well.
**I want to host my friends, and make the history for them.**

How can I make that happened?
yes the place I wish to be something beautiful for others.
when they wake up, then able to feel the air, smile, enjoyment, connection with nature, and blending all together with others.
yeah. I want to give them offer the way of it.
I want to build the house together, OnDol.

yeah that would be not easy to be honest.
but would be great as well.
right? I don't know.
just having an electricity can be better for that, with solar pannel.
because I have no idea how to make the ondol with that.
and the biofuel as well.

but I don't know how to do that. traditional house seems very important to look around those places would be very important as well.
yeah the locals, how they lived, the traditional historical inheretance would be super important.
I wonder how long they can endure in winter? how low temperature they can just endure with that?
yes that would be important point as well.

I feel so sad about my lost USIM with S.Kor provider. I cannot make any of useful contacts with the country. what should we do?
dammmn....!



