btw,
that is pretty impressive.
we're in the malaysia.
yes. we enjoy the cafe and journaling time.

the problem is... what?
after her leaving, where I gonna stay?
would i keep staying in this place?
I don't want it?
yeah because that must be not so much fun.
yeah. what kind of place do I really want to go?

    option 1. The Little Wild, yes that could be great to stay and see how the farm goes on.
        
        I can do work for them as well.
        I can eat together as well. Observing with them would be great.
        If I can create a video for it, that would also be great.

    option 2. but also MARS could be great. if not, I should have to look up another place to stay in Workaway.


what would be great? yes whatever I go for it, I'd like to learn about something. something useful or helping for our life.
what would it be? Malay culture would be useful for it? yeah. that would be great but... Financial freedom is the best to go. or self-sufficient skillset would be great.

yeah Madu's sharing was impressive. his talk about Australia, how they lost the tradition was impressive.
yeah...
then Australia, the place is still the place where we want to go?
I don't know.

then what is the next place?
if the money can roll out, and keep enlarging it, that would be great.
but I don't have any idea how can I make that better.

maybe I should have to keep creating contents.
the more I create the contents, the contents will speak out instead of my voice.
yeah that can help me outstanding in this field, and this will help the others.

    option 3. Keep creating videos instead of my voice.

what is important so?
yeah the money part is important.
hm... it's sad that we lose any internet here.
maybe I just have to create a video here. this is what i can do from here

but also I want to learn and to check about the next move for america's economical situation.

would it be okay? to all in my budget into CONY only? I am afraid of it.
because we don't know what would happen with that. yes.
but there is no choice?

well I can choose a leverage stocks? no? yeah. that's also super true.
Inverse Leverage could be great for it?
yeah but also there are super risk options as well.

    how to manage the risk?

this seems very important question. what can I do with that? yes let's ask about this Dividend and minimize the risk about Leverage, and inverse, Devidend stocks. yeah Need to study about them.
