time. yeah time seems super fast. I don't know what to do.
I love those people who love the others.
yeah I feel so happy to be here.
because, people enjoy this place.
maybe there are many people I could enjoy with.

but the thing I concern is, I need to know something important for myself.
I want to learn something useful for myself.

yeah.
so what did I learn for it?
investment?
yeah. I learnt investment. but still I need to make a huge margin.
but I don't have any idea for it.
of course, If I having a good margin, and keep being in low cost area, that would be great for me.
I won't be happy with the place to be honest? yeah I don't want to be with those people who only asking for my sacrificial energy.
I feel super tired with that.
rather I'd love to be with those people who care about my wellbeing as well.
kind and nice people I want to meet.


but why I feel sad?
because I couldn't see my Mary, unable to touch her makes me sad and insecure as well.
I miss her so much.
I want to see her my dearest.
my wife.
my mary.

yeah this feeling, makes me so weak.
no. still i miss my wife.
my wife.

yeah.
partnership visa can be good for her.
yeah, we can figure out something well for that.

yeah.
partnership visa... could she can make it from south korea? yeah it would be possible?
but I'm afraid of something not working well.
yeah. what if something doesn't working well for us?

what would be the threat for it?
I have no idea. just that would be all great if we try to make something well.

and I need to get a haircut in Changi Airport, I'm curious that would be possible for it.
many things seem to be considered. JustBe Temple area seems super good for us.

and also I have to think about somewhere else?
buying some food for dinner here?
well just some finger foods can be great for the market. yeah I could buy some reasonable budget cookie or something.

yeah but keep managing our farm wouldn't be easy. right?
rather we could choose to empower the others. but also it can be waste.
we want to having our own place and gather budget and money.
and also we could just keep enjoying the life.
sometimes just viist somewhere, and doing something.
yeah. those options could be great.
yeah I'd love to enjoy my life throughout life.
not just only doing farming and sacrifice for that.
I'd like to make it move in any way of it.

yeah enjoyment during the life itself does matter.
what would make it much more fun and dynamic happiness?

we may need to hit the local market, and sell those tropical fruits. yeah why not? that would be great.
but yeah physical works would be depanded.
that can be super difficult.
but there wouldn't be any other options for that.

Local Food Directional selling can be great for that.
Yeosu, Suncheon can be the selling spots. that is interesting.
we can make something life with that.

Google Sheet using would be important as well.
yeah.

Partnership Visa
Planing for Suburb.

yeah why I keep thinking about Goheung? because the place has some 

but how to bring the seeds for that?
yeah seeds, for cacao and coffee beans...!
she can be a barista as well, she can just sell the roasted coffee beans. yeah why not?
so we would need to story telling them all.
yeah.

so many things can be super important.
and cacao and chocolate wise, we would need more selling them.
prep time, selling wise.
and we could also encourage the farming as well.

hm... interesting.
yeah we could do the cacao or coffee producing,
I can plant tea-tree, or coffee drink I can make it too ;)
coffee kompucha can be great for that.
honey bee things can be great as well.

yeah there are many things we can do.
but the honey wise, we would need to plan what would we planting. yeah those plan also we would need it with.
but yeah what would we need for?


seems like creativity needed for being sustainable with the farming. yeah we can creatively think about the pricing as well.
`


