yes this is aug, 1st.
So new month changed.
yeah I don't know what will happen in the future, but yes
still want to create some way to solve our problems.
how can we change it?

yes. how can we make our income 10 times better and
10 times cost lower?

We can think about them much better.
yes but why I worry about this?
because we can get stopped every sustainable towarding life style.
yes.
we do drink whatever it is. we seem don't care about sustainability so much.
yes. let's move onto the vegan shop. that would be great for it.


what is most important for today?
we can just chill yes. this is important.
because we suffered a lot.
so the more we got suffered, we choose the opposite payment for heling ourselves from it as a recovery.

what about the other video editing? would it be matter? yes?
but overall, we need...

there are too many ways we can help others.

**Shirin, yes we can add some information for her website.**
but what is her point?
the very best ideal future I can imagine, and set as a goal then, we could make the goal would happen in future.
yes that would be lovely goal and action to do.


we can create some blog for it.
then she can manage withit.
just google site can be perfect for it.
I can send it.

but what is really? matter? yes
need to check them all the important parts in priority order.
Important must be first.

Google sheet is a good place to organize my tasks, but a bit manual.
All the time when I open it, I should manually change the filter view in priority order. I don't like it.
yeah.

hm...




